19449 relnote for prefers-color-scheme media queries (#20888)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/105/index.md

### CSS

> - Embedded SVG and iframe content can use the `prefers-color-scheme` media query via the `svg.embedder-prefers-color-scheme.content` and `layout.css.iframe-embedder-prefers-color-scheme.content.enabled` preferences which both default to `true`.
>   This allows embedded content to directly use the `color-scheme` of the embedding element instead of inheriting OS or browser preferences which may conflict with document preferences ({{bug(1779457)}}).

Reviewer: 1. If the preferences default to true we never mention them - the feature is released (the pref sticks around in the codebase for a little while to allow the feature to be withdrawn if needed, but otherwise have no effect. BCD actually removes the pref at this point. If it is disabled by default then we have an experimental feature.
2.  `prefers-color-scheme` media query was always present and this reads like it is new. The change is that the feature now has a new behaviour.
3. Linking is always desirable so people can find out more detailed information.

How about something like this (I'm not tied to the words so edit as you will).

```suggestion
- Embedded content, such as SVG definitions and content in an [`<iframe>`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/iframe), now respects the theme preferences of the elements in which it is embedded, rather than OS or browser preferences (which might be different).
  More specifically, embedded content now inherits the [`color-scheme`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color-scheme) of the embedding element, and [`prefers-color-scheme`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@media/prefers-color-scheme) media queries in the embedded content respect this value rather than the OS/browser level theme setting ({{bug(1779457)}}).
```

Author: >If the preferences default to true we never mention them - the feature is released

Very good.

>Linking is always desirable so people can find out more detailed information.

Good call. I've added your suggestions in https://github.com/mdn/content/pull/20888/commits/28f8f22e4bb43a0efd9279cbe0b8f279721c3353
